Enabling HPC-specific test run capability (#348)
getwilds/wilds-wdl-library: pipelines/ww-sra-cellranger/README.md

   - Converts `{sra_id}_1.fastq.gz` to `{sra_id}_S1_R1_001.fastq.gz`

3. **Cell Ranger Count** (using `ww-cellranger` module):
   - Runs `cellranger count` on each sample via one of `run_count` (private Docker image), `run_count_hpc_cromwell` (HPC environment module on a Cromwell-on-HPC backend), or `run_count_hpc_sprocket` (HPC environment module inside a Sprocket-managed Lua container), selected by the `execution_mode` input
   - Generates gene expression matrices, web summaries, and metrics

## Module Dependencies

This pipeline imports and uses:
- **ww-sra module**: For SRA data download (`fastqdump` task, with optional dbGaP/NGC support)
- **ww-cellranger module**: For FASTQ renaming (`rename_fastqs` task) and gene expression quantification (one of `run_count`, `run_count_hpc_cromwell`, or `run_count_hpc_sprocket`, selected per run via the `execution_mode` input)

## Cell Ranger Software Environment

> Cell Ranger is not redistributable, so the WILDS Docker Library does not publish a public Cell Ranger image. This pipeline therefore exposes three execution paths and a string input to pick between them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cell Ranger is not redistributable, so the WILDS Docker Library does not publish a public Cell Ranger image. This pipeline has three `execution_mode` options that run a corresponding version of the `ww-cellranger/run_count` task:
```
Might just state what the `execution_mode` modifies here
